What was that?
Make way!
I got her!
She's not breathing!
Move!
I never would 've thought
of that.
Clearly you've never been
to Singapore.
Where did you get that?
CDRE. NORRINGTON:
On your feet.
GO V. SWANN:
Elizabeth!
Are you all right?
Yes, I' m fine.
Shoot him.
- Father.
- What?
Commodore, do you really
intend to kill my rescuer?
I believe thanks are in order.
Had a brush with the East India
Trading Company, did we, pirate?
Hang him.
Keep your guns on him, men.
Gillette, fetch some irons.
Well, well.
Jack Sparrow, isn't it?
Captain Jack Sparrow,
if you please, sir.
Well, I don't see
your ship, Captain.
I'm in the market, as it were.
He said he'd come
to commandeer one.
Told you he was telling
the truth. These are his, sir.
No additional shot nor powder.
A compass
that doesn't point North.
And I half expected it
to be made of wood.
You are without doubt the worst
pirate I' ve ever heard of.
But you have heard of me.
Commodore,
I really must protest.
Carefully, Lieutenant.
Pirate or not,
this man saved my life.
One good deed is not enough
to redeem a man
of a lifetime of wickedness.
Though it seems enough
to condemn him.
Indeed.
Finally.
No.
No! Don't shoot!
I knew you'd warm up to me.
Commodore Norrington,
my effects, please.
And my hat.
Commodore.
- It is Elizabeth, isn't it?
- It 's Miss Swann.
Miss Swann, if you'd be so kind.
Come, come, dear.
We don't have all day.
Now if you'll be very kind.
Easy on the goods, darling.
You're despicable.
Sticks and stones, love.
I saved your life.
You save mine. We're square.
Gentlemen, milady,
you will always remember this
as the day that you almost
caught Captain Jack Sparrow.
Whoa!
Now will you shoot him?
Open fire!
Hey!
On his heels!
MAN:
Take cover, man!
Gillette, Mr. Sparrow has a dawn
appointment with the gallows.
I would hate for him to miss it.
MAN:
Search upstairs!
MAN #2:
Look lively, men!
Whoa!
Right where I left you.
Not where I left you.
You're the one they're hunting.
The pirate.
You seem familiar.
Have I threatened you before?
I make a point of avoiding
familiarity with pirates.
It would be a shame to
put a mark on your record.
So if you'll excuse me.
Do you think this wise, boy?
Crossing blades with a pirate?
You threatened Miss Swann.
Only a little.
You know what you're doing. I' II
give you that. Excellent form.
But how's your footwork?
If I step here.
Very good.
And now I step again.
Ta.